End User License Agreement and Software Inclusion Agreement


"Purchaser" and "User" may be used interchangeably in this agreement.


The official release page is at kustren.deviantart.com/

or

http://www.taringa.net/Noelsto

    Copyright 2013 Kustren/Noelsto
    Trademark 2013 Kustren/Noelsto licence
    Commercial distribution, rendering and printing of the font and derived work is prohibited.





Usage

kustren's freeware Fonts are free to use for personal, non-commercial purposes. No payment is necessary to use Kustren fonts's Freeware Fonts for personal use, and there is no limit to the amount of prints, pages, or other medium to be produced using them. However, you cannot offer the font for commercial sale, or offer for direct download. The inclusion othe font name and/or site URL in the credits or documentation when it is used is appreciated, but this is not mandatory.
My fonts are for personal use, can be used for any type of work, while non-commercial nature, neither will be able to be modified in any kind of way, and if they want to use them for commercial use must to ask me and I tell them the value of their commercial use, which may be used by 2 points or 1 point each font and 1 stage each font.
Remember that if you buy some typography shrareware  not become owner of the font, just get the license, ie the same you're reading.
This license is multipurpose, my font can be used on multiple computers at once.





Payment

Payment is not required for the use of kustren's freeware Fonts. Commercial use requires a modest fee which can be paid through the http://kustren.deviantart.com/ web site through.



Support

If you experience problems with any Kustren's Freeware font (such as spacing issues or missing characters), please verify that you have the correct and current version of the fonts. In the case of Freeware fonts, downloading the font directly from the http://kustren.deviantart.com/ site will ensure that the font files have not been altered.






























































































